friends here.
We're going to see how to use functions off.
One fight on script in tow,
Another pie transcript and what is underscoring the school name?
Variable on.
Finally,
we're going to see how to create user defined modules.
First,
let me start with a simple by transcript.
Let me create a simple python skeptical skipped one dot b y.
Now here I'm going to define two functions.
One is for addition.
No,
let me bring the edition off he and be He's simply K plus B.
Then let me write Return none and liberate one more function Subtraction off EECOM a B.
So drink the subtraction off you r e a and the East,
So simply a minus be not a no no.
Fine.
Now these are the two functions.
Now let us assume that we have two variables.
Let's say,
uh,
exit goes to some number and why coastal some?
Now I want to get the addition and subtraction for these two numbers.
So already we defined functions.
So that's why I simply I'm calling addition Function bypassing X come away.
And next time I'm calling subtraction function simply by calling your ex envoy No,
Let me say we don't own it.
What happened?
Okay,
spell mystic.
Now see the result.
You're getting 11 and 37 place for 11 7 minus 43 you're getting That's fine.
Now,
this is your script one.
No,
Actually,
I want to write one more skip,
but there I want to find addition,
subtraction and multiplication off two numbers,
right?
So what?
I can do one thing directly.
I can copy these two functions here,
and I converted one more function simply for multiplication.
Right?
The multiplication off year.
And be He's simply you.
And don't be.
That's fine.
But as off no,
just before your addition.
Subtraction.
You are having very simple lines.
Just a gender.
You are writing it.
We're in real time.
Right?
So there how you held for a function.
Some 100 lines first of for addition function just a June that 1st 4 started can function
your 100 lines for subtraction function your 100 lights then unnecessarily are going toe
Copy.
200 lines off according to your current.
The script from your previous trip.
Now what I want to do is I don't want to copy these two functions here,
but I want to use directly from Scripture one.
You're additionally subtraction functions I want to use directly from your script work?
No.
First of all,
let me do the second script.
Name us.
Skip could put out the way.
I Fine.
No.
First of all,
let me define are any two variables.
So I'm defending then on one B right festival simply.
I'm finding multiplication off your Exxon way from your current scrip itself.
Yes,
you are getting your result.
But now I need to find addition and subtraction off this x camera.
Wait.
I'm in x and y variables so directly I can buy their logic.
But my intention is,
if already function is there in any other strip how we can use that in the current script,
Right.
So first of all,
what I'm doing is I'm going to commend these lines White.
I really,
but actually should not disturb other others to script.
Right.
But as off No,
just I'm commending.
Fine.
No,
we are under skipper too,
but we want to use the functions from script one.
So in that case,
what you gotta do is foster fall at very first lane.
Simply you have to write import script one don't write.
Not the way important script of one so that his crypto one.
Right?
So we are importing Scripture one.
That's it.
Now let me run it and see the output.
There is no other.
Now,
in script one,
you have functions anyway.
Addition and subtraction.
Right?
So in case,
if you want to know,
what are the functions are there in the script one that we have a loss Accord D a r See
that addition and subtraction functions up there.
Right?
Anyway,
we know that.
What are the functions are there in stripped one know what I'm doing is from script one.
I want to call addition.
Now my values are and 20.
Then what is the result then place 20 addition.
30 are getting now from script one.
I need to call subtraction as well.
Then you're going to get minus tan.
Not to Right now,
we are not writing any logic for addition and subtraction in the current script.
What we're doing already we have a functions for addition and subtraction in another street
.
We're trying to use that logic by importing your script One.
So first of all these the way how we can use other script of functions in the current
descript.
That's fine.
But while doing this process,
we did.
We committed this court,
but actually,
you should not come in.
We got that.
Someone's cool,
right?
You should not go on disturbed that big fear.
Now I'm going to run our court.
Let me run it.
Only for tradition.
Okay,
First of all,
let me commended.
So why I am commending,
you know,
to get clarity,
right?
Actually,
should not come in.
First of all,
let me run this and see the reason So addition,
off 10 and 20 years.
30 you're getting now this is scripted one.
Right now your script is there as it is.
We uncommitted that court,
right?
We don't know What is.
The logic is there in script one,
but we know only addition.
Function is needed from stripped one.
That's why simply I'm importing script one and I'm calling addition from China from that No
,
let me run it and see the results.
Actually,
unit only this outwork.
But why you are getting these two lines?
This is for skip.
The one purpose not for us,
right?
Whatever the logic,
you're getting old port right.
This is for stripped.
One purpose,
not for us.
We need Onley addition for 10 and 20.
We need only this or put why you are getting an insult.
These two lines,
right?
So that's why generally,
while implementing by transcript,
you need to follow some procedure.
Some steps they are.
Let me write it.
The first awful guys.
What will happen whenever If you try to import any script or any module,
there's like importing more delight.
Save anybody.
If we import script one,
your python will go on.
Exclude your script one first.
So while excluding script one,
what will happen?
There's a script,
one core.
Your fighting is going to explode from top down.
Well,
excluding from top down in script one.
Also,
we have addition,
subtraction calling.
So that's why you're going to get output for these two.
But we don't want that in our current scared.
We don't want that right.
So that's why generally,
while implementing any script,
right,
you have to write some main function inside off that main function Intertoto exclude your
main logic.
So these the first ofall standard way to write the scripts using Fight On Right now we're
calling me even though if you do this still,
you're going to get same or put after that.
No,
I'm running rerunning.
See the result?
A missile or getting to line Soft,
core,
extra core.
But I want to get only this line.
I don't want these two lines,
right.
So that's why what I'm doing is while calling main function and stripped one,
I'm writing a simple logic.
Don't worry.
First after the output right now.
See,
there isn't.
I'm running now.
You're not getting You are skipped,
Owen.
Output.
You're getting only from scripted toward port.
That's this is what we need,
right?
The same way.
Whenever.
If you're writing code,
you need to follow this structure for your python.
Then that is a good bye.
Transcript.
That's it.
Nothing is there.
So how you are going?
Toe war?
Come getting output from script one.
I will show you.
I will explain that.
No,
that's it.
So that on go to your script one on grand.
You skipped one.
So you're going to get your skip on our food as well,
right?
There is no change in output.
It's working perfectly.
Right?
So now you need to understand about.
Name variable.
Underscore.
Name.
Right,
Fine.
Now,
see,
First let me come in and they're court in your script,
One as well as instructed.
Now,
what I'm doing is simply am bringing underscore Underscore name.
That is a variable like X.
Really find variable,
right?
I'm running.
See the result?
What you're getting mean?
The same way.
The variable even.
I'm trying to print from your second strip as well.
You're getting made,
right?
Know what I'm doing?
Is this is from Steptoe one,
right?
Not admitting it.
Yes,
that's fine.
No,
somebody I'm trying to right here.
This is from script to No,
let me down its fine.
So when I'm very few if you're running your script to and if you are printing underscore
underscore name were able value You are getting made are in Scripture one also whenever if
you try to print underscoring the school name Underscore Underscore name variable value.
You're getting main.
Only with underscores,
right?
That's fine.
Now what I'm doing is I'm trying to import to strip the one right.
See,
whenever a few important skipped one first.
What your python will do means you're Brighton will go on exclude completely script one
because off this line,
Because off this line you're fighting will go on eggs.
Good Your script One first completely right?
What stopped it?
Output.
This is from script one,
but what you're getting you're getting stupid one not mean on because off this line this is
from Scripture.
Do you're getting a main?
That means whenever If you run any skipper directly,
then name variable value.
Easy cause to Maine with underscores the variable name is main but we are running this name
discord indirectly from scripted too right?
Skipped one means you're important Script one means you're running script one court.
But you're running indirectly from Scripture too.
You are not running directly,
Stripling,
We are not running This core directly scripted to is earning script one court In that case
,
that name variable value is equals to script one not mean be clear If you run simply,
you were core directly on.
In that case,
your variable value these main.
But if you run any core indirectly if you after year important script one is running
because off script to why learning scripted.
So you're also running Steptoe.
That means skipper to is running stripped one.
You're not directly running Script one.
So at that time,
whatever the variable is there inside off Script one.
That variable name variable value will become the name off that script,
right?
No,
I've got it here.
Let me come in the score.
No,
because off import script one,
what will happen?
Your core will run from Tartu down because off script A one important script one I mean
from Scripture Toe you are important Scripture one my number.
If you do import a script one at that time,
what will happen?
Your python will run first.
Entire script one Right now After that in Scripture one What we help.
So why learning your skip one from taco down function anyway of Brighton Would eggs good as
off?
No function here by then.
Won't exude as off no function again.
You're right.
And want eggs Good as off.
No,
simply to remember all these three functions.
this is the main line if underscore Underscore Name.
So you are not running directly?
This a script one You're stupid too is running.
That's why name value is equal subscript one Now this is equal subscript one not may know,
right.
If we script one,
then they are not equal,
right?
This value and this really they're not equal.
If they are not equal than if doesn't allergy eggs Good main function.
It doesn't alert toe called main function.
If you're not calling main function,
then you are not calling these lines.
If you're not calling the insolence,
then you are not getting any or put from function.
One sorry from Scripture.
Well,
in Scripture do that's it so that you are going toe what you're doing that you are going
toe a wire getting output from script one.
So you're going to get output only whenever If you call functions right,
I will see that now we are unscripted toe.
So whenever we feel on your fight on skateboard all happened Very first land in port.
Yes,
that will execute import script.
One is nothing but you're going to run script one anyway,
you know,
in skipped one.
What is the logic?
Is there right?
Then after execution off all the court from startled on what your python will do simply Or
Brighton will remember all the functions names,
that's it.
Then it will come back to script one?
No.
In script one,
we define one multiple.
I mean multiplication function.
One main function.
Right?
But be clear already.
You know main function from here.
But that is from script one,
not from Scripture to know.
This is from Skipper Toe.
Arbeitman can distinguish that.
Then after that,
he homaine if underscore under school name equals two main,
right?
No,
you are running.
Scoop it directly.
That's why I named very.
But it was close to main.
Both are equal.
If what are equal your condition,
Will Oliver be exclude this mean?
Then you're coming to here.
Then exit coast attend.
Why close to 10 then?
From script one.
You're calling addition.
Now you're fighting will go to script one and there it will try to extradition function.
Then we'll come back to here.
That's it.
Thank that's it.
So no.
By doing in this way what we're doing if you have just script one is now a model for your
skin too.
That's why you are importing script one.
Here I So there's no from no one words.
We're going forward whenever If you're trying to import your pipe.
Sorry,
Nobody for tryingto create any pie transcript.
Now you need to follow this A structure.
But it is in case if you want to import anything,
you can import here.
Some this way.
So are I'm Some models are You can also import line by line import boys import I'm right
Import daytime model Let me save it.
New structure for bite on script Not be.
Wait right then offer that very first line is always it.
Probably import You try to write in this way if underscored in the school name because to
correction underscoring the score Main colon then call main function.
No title defined some very one main function Now from here on worse,
try to write your main lossy.
Suppose I want toe find the addition off any numbers.
Let's X equals two.
And why?
Because too no directly.
I don't want to find art.
If you want directly find yes,
simply write X plus y.
That's it.
Sorry,
Expressway,
Then simply.
This is a function.
That's why at the end,
just right,
right on,
man,
that's a But I don't want to directly right my addition here.
Then just try to define one function for that edition.
X come away somewhere just right.
Tradition function.
Come on,
Be Then I took bring the edition off.
They were You earn b is simply it.
Bless be Nazi.
So I'm not returning anything.
Simply right.
Return?
None.
That's what Now see the result.
You're getting same old put,
right?
So this while going forward,
please follow this structure.
Always try to start with your court with thief condition if underscore underscore name
equals two main then call main function and tried to write their logic from main function.
So what is that one days by writing this means whenever.
If you're trying to import discord in tow,
other scripts at the time you are awaiting exclusion off your main block.
In case if you don't write this Lozzi unnecessarily,
you're going to exude your court in other scripts,
right?
So So that's why while going forward,
we're trying to follow.
This is structure by lighting by transcripts,
right?
If you write in this way,
then there's nothing but creation off your one models.
Are you are defining your require models?
What?
This is called user defined model.
That's it.
Simple way I'm explaining here.
Right.
Okay.
Thank you for watching this review.